Erin Rylie Clark
eclark 04

I wasn't able to download the pdf with my text in it so I am
resorting to writing it here:

1. It is important to use the sizeof() operator on a structure because although
you may be able to calculate how many bytes each of the types in the structure
will take up, they may be stored in memory in a way that uses a different number
of bytes. This is similar to the reason that you need to specify what a pointer 
is pointing to. The computer needs to know how far to go to get to the start of 
the next item. Structures may contain different sized members, so if they
assumed that the smallest member (lets say a char - 1 byte) is how far they need
to go to get to the next member, it may point to a larger member several times
and in the wrong spot (for example, an int- 4 bytes, it would point to 4 times
and would never use the whole int as it was intended). So, in order to prevent
this, it will likely take the size of the largest member, and stick the
smallest members in them, so that no information is lost. This means it will
take up more space than you would count for it. Not only this reason, but
different systems may have different sizes for each type ( ie an int could be 16
or 32 bits), and if you want your code to be portable, you should just ask the
computer how much space it has alotted for the structure.

2. I would assume that option b would run faster, the reason being that if you
are putting a dictionary with alphabetically sorted words into a binary tree,
you are only ever going to go in one direction, and the binary tree would
essentially be useless in that it has to look through every single word of the
dictionary before the current word to find where the current word fits. If you
run all of the files in /usr/shar/man first, you have an opportunity to spread
out the binary tree instead of putting every word on the same branch all the
way down. This way, when you get to the dictionary locating the words will
take less iterations through the tree.

3. The static declaration can mean different things in different contexts:
 A) a function itself: declaring a function static means that the function
    name will only exist within the .c file that it resides in. Other files
    will not be able to see that function and therefore will not be able access
    it. 
 B) inside a function: if a variable is declared static inside a function, it
    means that the value will persist through function calls. Normally, a
    variable declared and defined inside a function will be redeclared and
    redefined each time it enters the function, and will be destroyed every
    time it exits the function. Declaring the variable static, allocates memory
    for the variable instead of pushing it onto the stack, and therefore you
    are able to access the value that  the variable was when it exited out of
    the last function call.

4. getchar returns an int because EOF is an integer value and therefore would
not fit into a character. EOF is an interger because it needs to be
distinguished from any character value. A larger width for the EOF value
distinguishes it from any character that fits into a 1 byte char.

5. file submitted as "q5.c"

6. file submitted as "q6.c"

7. file submitted as "tac.c"




